---
layout: post
title: Week 2 | 2/4, Thoughts on the Code of Conduct
---

# Code of Conduct Activity

## Code of Conduct
* Code of conducts give contributors a glance at the environment that the open-source project wants to foster, and can decide if the values of the project fit their own. 

## Go vs Contributor Covenant vs Eclipse
* The conbritbutor covenant is less detailed and seems more general and lacks the personality injections that projects like Go put in their own documents. 
* Eclipse's documentation has a very serious tone, and it's clear they want their project to be viewed in a more serious light. 

## Sugar Labs vs Go
* Sugar labs is based on the ubuntu code of conduct 
* Sugar labs focuses on how contributors treat each other, but don't provide themselves as an avenue to resolve conlift
* Sugar labs does provide other translations of their code of conduct unlike GO

## Blender's Code of Conduct
* Blender has a very breif and succinct code of conduct that lists out how they want their communitity to behave
* They have being concise as part of their conduct, so it's nice it applies to their code of conduct as well
* It's far more dettached and short compared to other code of conducts we've looked at so far

# Personal Thoughts on Codes of Conduct

## Importance of the Code of Conduct

* I think the code of conduct is important to the project, as it helps to establish a basis for the communtity the project wants to develop. While not essential, it helps to tell people if the project is trying to foster initmate relations between its contributors, or a more serious work relationship. 

* I personally think I'd be willing to work for a project without a code of conduct.

## Enforcing the Code of Conduct

* I think you can choose to blacklist a certain person's pull requests if they constantly break conduct. However, the nature of being an open source project means it's hard to truly enforce any of these rules because everyone are just volunteers at the end fo the day. 