---
layout: post
title: Week 5 | 2/25, Class Discussions 
---

### Overview of the Week

## Farming for the future
* I've always had an interest in agriculture and food science, so it was cool to see an intersection between those and computer science
* Most of the things I've seen seems to be more small scale thing though, so I wonder what are some steps they can take to scale their operations up
* Expanding on the last point, I guess building self automated farming complexes might be the future as more and more farmers retire. This could be something I can contribute to in the future. 

 <!--more-->
## Class Disscussion
* "Democratizing knowledge" is definitely the other one I had the most interest in, as I also strongly believing in removing the barriers to education.
* As a programmer, I'm spoiled by the amount of free education that is out on the internet, and I hope that the barrier can be this low for other topics as well.


## My Contrbutions
* So far I've been going on open-source repositories and going to the issues tab to see if anyone had issues that I could help with
* Though many issues are definetly out of my league, I have found quite a few poeple with basic issues that I could help with.
* Earlier this week, I contributed my first edit to wikipedia. Though it was for a small article and I only added a few lines, it was nice to see that it's still up even after almost a week. 
* Looking towards the future, I'm defintely going to continue doing what I've done before. But I've also been eyeing a few repositories that I could possibly contribute code to as well. 

