---
layout: post
title: Week 7 | 3/10, Class Bios
---

# Open source Bios


## Thoughts on origins of open source

I had taken an interest in linux last year, so I was swet up by the open-source craze and knew the general story behind the big names like Stallman and Torvalds. Honestly, their philosophy really impresses me and I'm amazed the amount of effort people who are working for free are willing to put in. I use a lot of open-source software everyday, and I couldn't imagine life without them.

 <!--more-->

### Linus Torvalds

One of the most well known person after Stallman, afterall, he's the person that developed linux and git. It's always interesting to think that Linus started on linux during his undergrad years, and it would go on to change the computing industry. 

### Richard Stallman

The grandfather of GNU and a huge pronent of free and open source software. It's definetly thanks to Stallman and the many other bright minds of the open-source movement that have led to the development of so many huge passion products today. 


## Progress on Group Work

We've talked in class and chatted a bit offline about what projects want to work on. I think we've narrowed it down nice to certain front end libraries (material-ui, p5.js, etc) or something based in python like Sickit Learn. 

## Choosing the right Project

Language and frame familiarity is something we want to keep in mind when choosing the project. Thankfully, everyone in the group seems to be familar with python and javascript, which really opens the doors to the projects that we could possibly contribute to. Overall, I'm excited to start working on contributing with my group in the coming weeks.


