---
layout: post
title: Week 5 | 3/03, Project Thoughts
---

# Group Contributiions


## Thoughts on projects
- We've looked at quite a lot of projects in class together, many of which I'm already familiar with. 
    1. I was assigned to do a evaluation on Lichess, a chess engine I was familiar with.
     <!--more-->
    2. Projects like ***brave*** and ***bitwarden*** are things that I use on a daily basis, and the possiblity of contributing to them sounds interesting (though I must admit there it also sounds very difficult).
    3. Project setup seems to be the make or deal honestly for a lot of these, a difficult environment to setup makes working on project very undersiable. Therefore I'm definetly leaning towards python libaries, as not only am I familar with that language, those usually have very painless setups.
- While I want to contribute to projects I like and use the most, I'm defintely going to evulate what project is most realistic to make contributions to. 

## What am I excited for? 
- Working towards a project with a group sounds fun, and I'm looking forward to what kind of contributions we can make towards these large projects
- I still have not really taken a real shot at contributing any real code to projects, so I hope to come out of my comfort zone with this one. 

## Possible challenges
* Again, there are considerably complex code bases that will be quite difficult to contribute to. Depending on the project I am assigned to, there will be a myraid of issues dealing with that along with the manintainers of the project
* Working in a group also brings its own set of challenges, and coordinating our efforts together could be difficult depending on everyone's schedule and motivation
* I hope with regular weekly meeting though, that we can come together and contribute something to meaningful to whatever projects we get assigned to


